hey whats up youtube okay so the other
day I kicked this dude out of my clan
for I'm threatening like about Freddie
of the members because uh he Oh was
threatening to hack their accounts when
he doesn't know how so I thought let's
just kick him out because he isn't
actually coming to any matches so I
guess he got a pretty pissed off tell me
what you think so if you want more of a
wall on our behalf as well so if you
want yeah and around be my guest I know
a lot of people that know not stuff
about computers I'm sure they do yeah
that's why nothing's happened to me yeah
yeah all about this one fing this one's
kind of frightening hopefully think I
can your am/fm heart ya know ya get a
whole 360 I already have your art
theatre in turn any messes it up yeah
I'm sure someone's stupidest you could
afford a code breaker and I'm sure for
the hackers watching right now um you
actually think do you think it's easy
hack an xbox because I wouldn't find it
easy what about this message i buy this
one oh yeah and flat one was what you
thought I think from overseas you're
pretty much what number said anything
about tracking your account pal but oh
well should not you hear that now I like
Americans this one's a racist this
person here is a racist to all you
Americans I'll I don't for that right oh
but let's carry on back into cool when
you prove it on the you go then copying
paper intended for me talking people
what are you talking about 56 members
have actually named your arse oh my god
you want to prick a let's invite every
member of my clan to a private chance
you and they say okay it's actually see
he kept sending messages lovable
and then when I came on this morning I
got this he wants to be my friend oh wow
I lasted long oh my god what about this
voice message should this be another
hate message for sure we need to know
dialogue not at all funny so I'm gonna
bother oh no I mean that oh that's not
even valid I'm not gonna actually is
chapter somebody's friend Mike Allen
ball well what about this I'm sorry just
speak to me yeah you see this this is
what we call a complete loser what about
this message for me I'm not gonna find
out what's going on no no nothing how
did not this is T so the message of this
video is if you ever see this man waiter
if you ever seen this person on xbox
england UK me a e8 he hates Americans as
you heard and I think that very cool um
yeah yes 40 1000 gamerscore cuz he has
no life 41 yeah and yeah so the message
of this is basically do not let him into
your clan cuz he will threaten you and
then he will just back it up we're not
doing anything so it doesn't make any
sense he'll come back crying like a
complete loser so yeah that's that's
kind of the message well thank you for
watching my video about this loser that
has no life that comes back to a clan
after one day thank you